---
layout: news
author: Jeremy Steward
description: news for 2016-08

---

## Open House at the Dojo

Hey everyone, we've been really busy working on renovating our dojo and
practice space, and we're finally ready to show it off. Come and join us as we
host our open house, to celebrate the beginning of our next chapter as a club
and the renovations that we've worked so hard on.

Date
 : Thursday, September 1st, 2016 from 6:00PM to 9:00PM

Location
 : Airdrie Judo Club (Plainsmen Arena)<br>
   320 Centre Ave East,<br>
   Airdrie, AB

Look for the signs on the door, we're on the right as soon as you walk in the
front doors of the Plainsmen Arena. Our instructors will be there to answer
questions about the club, registration, and provide any information about Judo
you might want or need. If you're itching for information early, be sure to
check out our [Classes and Fees]({{ site.baseurl }}/classes-and-fees).

<hr>

## Airdrie Fest 2016

If you can't make it to our open house, we'll miss you, but be sure to check us
out at Airdrie FEST 2016. We'll have a booth set up, and will be handing out
information packages and doing registrations for the fall term.

Date
 : Saturday September 10th, 2016 from 11:00AM to 4:00PM

Location
 : Outside of City Hall<br>
   400 Main Street South,<br>
   Airdrie, AB,<br>
   T4B 3C3

<hr>

## Fall Term Registration

We will be beginning our fall-term registration on the week from September 12th
to the 15th, at the club. Whether you're new to Judo or returning for another
great year, come to the dojo and register for the fall term. The first
fall-term class will start September 19th and we will continue to go until
around January. Be sure to check out our [classes, schedules, and fees]({{
site.baseurl }}/classes-and-fees) first, to be sure you know when the classes
are run.
